Subdomain	Language	Gap concept	Inference based upon
grandparents	Aari	Fa;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	Mo;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aari	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aari	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Abelam	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Abelam	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Abelam	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Abelam	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abelam	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Abnaki	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Abnaki	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Adyghe	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Adyghe	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afar	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Afar	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Afar	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Afar	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Afrikaans	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Afrikaans	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Afrikaans	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Afrikaans	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Afrikaans	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Afrikaans	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Afrikaans	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ahaggaren	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ahaggaren	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ahaggaren	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aimol	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aimol	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aimol	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Ainu	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ainu	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ainu	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ainu	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ainu	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Ainu	Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ainu	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ainu	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ainu	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ainu	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ainu	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ajie	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ajie	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ajie	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ajie	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Akha	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Akha	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akha	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Akkadian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Akkadian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Akyem	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Albanian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Albanian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Albanian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Albanian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Albanian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Albanian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Albanian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Albanian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Aleut	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aleut	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aleut	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aleut	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aleut	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
siblings	Aleut	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Aleut	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aleut	Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aleut	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Aleut	El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aleut	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aleut	Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aleut	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Aleut	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Aleut	El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Aleut	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Alkatcho	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Alkatcho	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Alkatcho	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alkatcho	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Alorese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amba	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ambo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ambo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Amharic	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Amharic	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Amharic	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Amharic	Fa;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	Mo;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Amharic	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Amharic	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Amharic	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Amharic	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ami	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ami	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ami	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ami	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ancient Hebrews	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ancient Hebrews	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ancient Hebrews	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Andamanese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Andamanese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Angami	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Angami	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Angami	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Angami	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ao	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ao	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Apinaye	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Apinaye	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Apinaye	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Apinaye	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Apinaye	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Apinaye	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Apinaye	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Apinaye	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Apinaye	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Apinaye	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Apinaye	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Apinaye	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Arabic	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Arabic	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	o;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	x;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	x;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	x;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	o;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Arabic	o;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Arabic	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	x;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	o;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Arabic	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	x;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	x;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	El;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	o;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	o;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	o;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Arabic	x;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Pb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Arabic	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Aranda	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aranda	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Aranda	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Aranda	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Aranda	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Aranda	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Aranda	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Aranda	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Aranda	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Aranda	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Aranda	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aranda	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Archi	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Archi	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Arikara	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Arikara	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Arikara	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arikara	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Armenian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Armenian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Armenian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Armenian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Armenian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Armenian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Armenian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Armenian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Aromanian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Aromanian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Aromanian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Arusi	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Arusi	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Arusi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Arusi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ashanti	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Assamese	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Assamese	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Mo;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Fa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Assamese	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Assiniboin	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Assiniboin	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Assiniboin	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Assiniboin	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Asturian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Asturian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Asturian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Asturian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Asturian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Asturian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Asturian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Atayal	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Atayal	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Atayal	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atayal	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Atsugewi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Atsugewi	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Atsugewi	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Atsugewi	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Atsugewi	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Atsugewi	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Atsugewi	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Atsugewi	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Atsugewi	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Atsugewi	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Atsugewi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Attawapiskat	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Attawapiskat	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aweikoma	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aweikoma	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aweikoma	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aymara	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aymara	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Azande	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Azerbaijani	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Azerbaijani	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Azerbaijani	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Aztec	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Aztec	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Aztec	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Aztec	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bacairi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bacairi	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bacairi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bachama	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bachama	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bachama	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Baiga	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Baiga	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Baiga	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bajun	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bajun	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bakovi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Balinese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Balinese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Baluchi	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Baluchi	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bambara	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bambara	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bambara	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bambara	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Banda	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Banda	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Banda	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Banda	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Banda	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Banda	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Banda	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Banda	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Banda	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Banda	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bari	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bari	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Basque	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basque	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Basque	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Basque	Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Basque	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Basque	El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Basque	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Basque	Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Basque	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Basque	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Basque	El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Basque	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Basseri	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Basseri	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Basseri	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Batak	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Beaver	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Beaver	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Beaver	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Belarusian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Belarusian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Belarusian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Belarusian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Belarusian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Belarusian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Belarusian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bellabella	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bellabella	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellabella	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bellabella	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellabella	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bellacoola	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bellacoola	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Belu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bena	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bena	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bengali	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bengali	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Bengali	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Bengali	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bengali	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Berabish	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Berabish	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bergdama	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bergdama	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bergdama	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bete	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bete	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bgu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bhilala	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bhilala	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bhilala	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bihari	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bihari	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Biloxi	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Biloxi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Biloxi	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Biloxi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Birom	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Birom	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bisa	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bisayan	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bisayan	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Black Carib	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Black Carib	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bogo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bogo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bororo	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bororo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bororo	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bororo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Breton	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Breton	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Breton	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Breton	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bribri	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bribri	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bribri	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Bribri	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bribri	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bribri	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bribri	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bribri	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bribri	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bribri	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bribri	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bribri	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bribri	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bubi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bubi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Buduma	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buduma	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bulgarian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bulgarian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Bulgarian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Bulgarian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Bulgarian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Bulgarian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Bungi	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bungi	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bungi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bungi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Bunun	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Bunun	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bunun	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burmese	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Burmese	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Burmese	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Burmese	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Burmese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burmese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Burusho	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Burusho	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Burusho	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Burusho	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Burusho	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Burusho	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Burusho	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Burusho	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Burusho	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Burusho	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Burusho	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Burusho	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Buryat	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Buryat	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Buryat	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Buryat	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Buryat	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bwaidoga	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bwaidoga	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bwaidoga	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bwaidoga	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bwaidoga	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bwaidoga	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Bwaidoga	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Bwaidoga	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Bwaidoga	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Bwaidoga	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caddo	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caddo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Caddo	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caddo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caduveo	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caduveo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Caduveo	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Caduveo	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Caduveo	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caduveo	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caduveo	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Caduveo	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Caduveo	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caduveo	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Caduveo	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caduveo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cagaba	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cagaba	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cakchiquel	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cakchiquel	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cakchiquel	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cakchiquel	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	Fa;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	Mo;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Callinago	Mo;Mo	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Callinago	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Callinago	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Camaracoto	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Camaracoto	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camaracoto	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Camayura	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Camayura	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Camayura	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cambodians	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cambodians	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Cantonese	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Cantonese	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cantonese	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cantonese	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Cantonese	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Cantonese	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cape Mendana	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cape Mendana	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Cape Mendana	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cape Mendana	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cape Mendana	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cape Mendana	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cape Mendana	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cape Mendana	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cape Mendana	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cape Mendana	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cape Mendana	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cape Mendana	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Caraja	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caraja	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caraja	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carib	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Carib	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carib	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Caribou Eskimo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Caribou Eskimo	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Caribou Eskimo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carinya	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Carinya	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carinya	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Carrier	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Carrier	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Catalan	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Catalan	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Catalan	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catalan	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Catalan	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Catalan	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Catalan	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Catawba	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Catawba	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Catawba	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayapa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cayapa	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayapa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cayua	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Cayua	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cayua	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cayua	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cayua	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cayua	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cayua	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cayua	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cayua	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cayua	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cayua	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cayua	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chakma	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chakma	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamicuro	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chamicuro	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Chamorro	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chamorro	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chamorro	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chamorro	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chawai	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	Fa;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	Mo;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chawai	Mo;Mo	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chawai	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chechen	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chechen	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Chenchu	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chenchu	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chenchu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chenchu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherkess	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherkess	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherokee	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherokee	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherokee	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherokee	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherokee	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherokee	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherokee	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherokee	Mo;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherokee	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cherokee	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Cherokee	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cherokee	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cherokee	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cherokee	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cherokee	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cherokee	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cherokee	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cherokee	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cherokee	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cherokee	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cherokee	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chewa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chewa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chibcha	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chibcha	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chibcha	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chichimec	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chichimec	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Chichimec	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chichimec	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chichimec	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chichimec	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chichimec	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chichimec	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chichimec	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chichimec	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chichimec	El;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chichimec	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chinook Jargon	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Chinook Jargon	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Chinook Jargon	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Chipaya	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipaya	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chipaya	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipaya	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chipewyan	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chipewyan	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chipewyan	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chippewa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chippewa	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chippewa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chiricahua	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chiricahua	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chitimacha	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chitimacha	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choco	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choco	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Choctaw	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choctaw	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Choctaw	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choctaw	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Choiseulese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Choiseulese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chokwe	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chokwe	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chokwe	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chokwe	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chokwe	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chokwe	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chokwe	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chokwe	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chokwe	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chokwe	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chorti	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chorti	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chukchee	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chukchee	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Chukchee	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chukchee	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chukchee	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chukchee	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chukchee	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chukchee	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Chukchee	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chukchee	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Chukchee	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Chukchee	El;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chukchee	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Chulupi	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Chulupi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Chulupi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Classical Syriac	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Classical Syriac	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coahuilteco	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Coahuilteco	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Coahuilteco	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coahuilteco	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	Fa;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	Mo;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cochiti	Mo;Mo	Murdock data
siblings	Cochiti	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cochiti	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cochiti	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cochiti	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cochiti	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cochiti	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cochiti	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cochiti	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cochiti	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cochiti	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cocopa	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cocopa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cocopa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Comanche	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Comanche	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Comanche	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comanche	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Comox	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Comox	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Coorg	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Coorg	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Coorg	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Coptic	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Coptic	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Cora	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cora	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cora	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Creek	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Creek	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Creek	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Crow	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Crow	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Crow	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Crow	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Crow	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Crow	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Crow	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Crow	Mo;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Crow	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Crow	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Crow	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cubeo	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cubeo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cubeo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Cuna	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Cuna	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Cuna	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Cuna	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Curipaco	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Curipaco	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Curipaco	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Czech	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Czech	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Czech	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Czech	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Czech	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Czech	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Czech	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Czech	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Czech	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Czech	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dagur Mongols	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dagur Mongols	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Daka	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Daka	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dalmatian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Dalmatian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Danish	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Danish	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Danish	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Danish	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Danish	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Danish	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dard	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dard	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dard	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dard	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Deleware	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Deleware	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dera	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Diegueno	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Diegueno	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Diegueno	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dieri	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dieri	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dilling	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dilling	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Djafun	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Dobuans	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Dobuans	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Dobuans	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Dobuans	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Dobuans	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Dobuans	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Dobuans	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Dobuans	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Dobuans	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dobuans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Dogon	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogon	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Dogon	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogon	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dogrib	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dogrib	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dorobo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dorobo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Duala	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Duala	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Duala	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Duala	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Duala	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Duala	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Duala	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Duala	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Duala	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Duala	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Dutch	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Dutch	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Dutch	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dutch	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dutch	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dutch	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dutch	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dutch	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dutch	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dutch	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dutch	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dutch	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dutch	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Dutch	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Dutch	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Dutch	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Dzing	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Dzing	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Dzing	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Easter Islanders	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Mono	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Mono	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eastern Pomo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eastern Pomo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Efate	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efate	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Efik	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Efik	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Egyptians	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Egyptians	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Egyptians	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ellice	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ellice	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ellice	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ellice	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ellice	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ellice	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ellice	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ellice	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ellice	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ellice	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	English	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	English	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	o;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	x;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	x;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	x;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	o;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	English	o;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	English	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	English	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	English	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	English	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	English	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	English	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	English	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	English	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	English	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	English	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	x;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	El;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	o;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	English	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	x;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	x;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	o;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	o;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	o;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	English	x;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Pb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	English	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Epi	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Epi	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Epi	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Epi	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Epi	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Epi	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Epi	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Epi	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Epi	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Epi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eromangans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Eromangans	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Eromangans	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Eromangans	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Eromangans	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Eromangans	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Eromangans	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Eromangans	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Eromangans	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Eromangans	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eromangans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Escoumains	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Escoumains	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Esperanto	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Esperanto	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Esperanto	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Esperanto	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Esperanto	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Esperanto	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Esperanto	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Estonian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Estonian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Estonian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Estonian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Estonian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ewe	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ewe	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ewe	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Mo;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Fa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ewe	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Eyak	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Eyak	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Eyak	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Eyak	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Eyak	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ezinihite Ibo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ezinihite Ibo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Faroese	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Faroese	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Faroese	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Faroese	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Fijian	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	Fa;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	Mo;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fijian	Mo;Mo	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fijian	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Finnish	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Finnish	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Finnish	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Finnish	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Finnish	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Finnish	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Finnish	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Finnish	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Finnish	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Finnish	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Finnish	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Finnish	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Finnish	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Finnish	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Finnish	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Fipa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fipa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Fipa	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Fipa	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Fipa	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Fipa	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Fipa	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Fipa	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Fipa	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Fipa	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Fipa	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fipa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Flathead	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Flathead	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Flathead	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Fon	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fon	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	French	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	French	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	o;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	x;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	x;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	x;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	o;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French	o;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	French	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	French	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	French	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	French	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	French	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	French	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	French	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	French	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	French	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	French	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	x;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	El;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	o;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	French	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	x;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	x;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	El;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	o;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	o;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	o;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	French	x;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Pb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	French	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	French Canadians	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	French Canadians	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	French Canadians	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	French Canadians	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Friulian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Friulian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Friulian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Friulian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Friulian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Fur	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Fur	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Fur	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Fur	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Fur	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Fur	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Fur	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Fur	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Fur	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Fur	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Fur	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Fur	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Futajalonke	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Futajalonke	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Galician	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Galician	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Galician	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Galician	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Galician	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Galician	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Galician	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ganda	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ganda	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Ganda	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ganda	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ganda	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ganda	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ganda	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ganda	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ganda	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ganda	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ganda	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ganda	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Garo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Garo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Georgian	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Georgian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Georgian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Georgian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Georgian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Georgian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
cousins	German	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	German	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	German	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	German	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	German	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	German	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	German	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	German	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	German	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	German	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	German	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	German	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	German	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	German	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	German	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	German	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	German	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	German	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	German	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	German	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	German	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	German	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Gilyak	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Gilyak	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gilyak	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gilyak	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Giriama	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Giriama	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Glidyi Ewe	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Glidyi Ewe	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Glidyi Ewe	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Goajiro	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Goajiro	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gogo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gogo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Graciosa Bay	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Graciosa Bay	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Graciosa Bay	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Graciosa Bay	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Graciosa Bay	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Graciosa Bay	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Graciosa Bay	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Graciosa Bay	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Graciosa Bay	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Graciosa Bay	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Graciosa Bay	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Graciosa Bay	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Greek	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Greek	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Greek	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greek	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Greek	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Greek	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Greek	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Greenlandic	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Greenlandic	Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Greenlandic	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Greenlandic	El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Greenlandic	Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Greenlandic	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Greenlandic	El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Greenlandic	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Greenlandic	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Gros Ventre	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gros Ventre	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gros Ventre	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guahibo	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guahibo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guahibo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guato	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guato	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guato	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Guaymi	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Guaymi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Guaymi	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Guaymi	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Guaymi	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Guaymi	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Guaymi	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Guaymi	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Guaymi	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Guaymi	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Guaymi	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Guaymi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Mo;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Gunwinggu	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Gurage	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gurage	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gurage	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	Fa;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	Mo;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Gure	Mo;Mo	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Gure	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hadimu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hadimu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haida	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Haida	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haida	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haisla	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haisla	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haisla	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haitians	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haitians	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Haka Chin	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haka Chin	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haka Chin	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hano	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hano	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hanunoo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hanunoo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hasinai	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hasinai	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Hasinai	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hasinai	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hawaiian	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Hawaiian	Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Hawaiian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Hawaiian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Hawaiian	El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Hawaiian	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Hawaiian	Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Hawaiian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Hawaiian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Hawaiian	El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Hawaiian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hawaiian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Haya	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Haya	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Haya	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hazara	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hazara	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hazara	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Hebrew	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Hebrew	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Hebrew	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Hebrew	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Hebrew	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Hebrew	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Hebrew	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Herero	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Herero	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Herero	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hidatsa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Hidatsa	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hidatsa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hill Bhuiya	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hill Bhuiya	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hill Bhuiya	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Hindi	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hindi	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	o;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	x;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	x;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	x;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	o;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hindi	o;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hindi	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	x;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	o;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hindi	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	x;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	x;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	o;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	o;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	o;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hindi	x;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	Pb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hindi	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hona	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hona	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hona	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hona	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hopi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hopi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huastec	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Huastec	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Huastec	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Huastec	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Huastec	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Huastec	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Huastec	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Huastec	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Huastec	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Huastec	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huastec	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huave	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huave	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Huichol	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huichol	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Huichol	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huichol	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huichol	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huichol	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Huichol	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huichol	Mo;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Huichol	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Huichol	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Huichol	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hukundika	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hukundika	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hunde	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Hunde	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hunde	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Hungarian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Hungarian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	x;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hungarian	o;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hungarian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hungarian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hungarian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hungarian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hungarian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hungarian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hungarian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hungarian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hungarian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Hungarian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Hungarian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	x;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	o;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	o;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Hungarian	x;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Pb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Hungarian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Hupa	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hupa	Da;So	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hupa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hupa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Hutsul	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Hutsul	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Hutsul	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Iban	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iban	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Icelandic	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Icelandic	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Icelandic	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Icelandic	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Icelandic	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Icelandic	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Icelandic	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Icelandic	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Ido	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ido	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ido	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ido	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ido	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ido	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ido	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ido	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ido	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ido	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ido	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ido	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Ido	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ido	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ido	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifugao	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ifuluk	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Ifuluk	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ifuluk	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ifuluk	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ifuluk	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ifuluk	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ifuluk	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ifuluk	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ifuluk	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ifuluk	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ifuluk	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Iglulik	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Iglulik	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ila	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ila	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ila	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ila	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ila	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ila	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ila	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ila	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ila	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ila	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ila	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Imperial Romans	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Imperial Romans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Imperial Romans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Inca	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Inca	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Inca	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Inca	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Inca	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Inca	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Inca	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Inca	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Inca	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Inca	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Inca	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Indo-Aryans	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Indo-Aryans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Indo-Aryans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Indonesian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Indonesian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Indonesian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingalik	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingalik	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingalik	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingassana	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ingassana	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ingrian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ingrian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingrian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ingush	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Interlingua	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Interlingua	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Interlingua	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Irish	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Irish	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Irish	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Irish	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Irish	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Irish	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Irish	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Irish	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Isleta	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Isleta	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Isleta	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Italian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Italian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	x;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Italian	o;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Italian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Italian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	x;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	El;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	o;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	o;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Italian	x;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Pb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Italian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Jacaltec	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jacaltec	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jacaltec	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Jamaicans	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jamaicans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jamaicans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Japanese	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Japanese	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Japanese	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Japanese	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Japanese	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Japanese	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Japanese	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Japanese	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Jarai	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jarai	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jarai	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Javanese	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Javanese	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Jicarilla	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jicarilla	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Jicarilla	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Jicarilla	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Jicarilla	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Jicarilla	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Jicarilla	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Jicarilla	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Jicarilla	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Jicarilla	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Jicarilla	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Jicarilla	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jicarilla	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Jivaro	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Jivaro	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Jivaro	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Jivaro	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Jivaro	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Jivaro	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Jivaro	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Jivaro	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Jivaro	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Jivaro	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Jivaro	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Judeo-Arabic	x;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kabuverdianu	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kachin	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kachin	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kachin	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kafa	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kafa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kafa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Kannada	o;Fa;Br;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	o;Mo;Ss;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Fa;Br;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Mo;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	x;Fa;Br;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Mo;Br;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Fa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Mo;Ss;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Pa;Br;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Mo;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Mo;Ss;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	x;Mo;Ss;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Pa;Ss;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	o;Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	x;Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Fa;Br;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Fa;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Fa;Br;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Pa;Br;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	x;Fa;Br;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Fa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Pa;Ss;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	Mo;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Kannada	o;Fa;Br;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	x;Da;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	o;Da;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	x;Da;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	x;Gr;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	o;Da;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	o;Gr;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	o;Da;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	x;Gr;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	o;So;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	x;So;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	x;So;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	o;Gr;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	x;So;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	o;Gr;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	x;Da;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	x;Gr;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	o;So;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Kannada	o;So;So	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	o;Fa;Fa	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	o;Gr;Mo	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	x;Mo;Mo	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	o;Gr;Fa	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	Fa;Pr	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	o;Mo;Mo	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	Mo;Pr	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	x;Gr;Fa	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	x;Fa;Fa	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	x;Gr;Pr	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	x;Gr;Mo	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	o;Gr;Pr	Native speaker
grandparents	Kannada	Gr;Pr	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	El;Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	Yn;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	o;El;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	El;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	o;Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	x;El;Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	Sb;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	Ss;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	Yn;Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Kannada	x;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	x;El;Br	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	o;Yn;Br	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	x;Yn;Br	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	x;Br	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	x;El;Ss	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	x;Yn;Ss	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	o;El;Br	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	o;Br	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	o;El;Ss	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	o;Yn;Ss	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	o;Ss	Native speaker
siblings	Kannada	x;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Pb	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Pa;El;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	x;Pa;Br	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Pa;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Mo;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Pa;Br	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Pa;Yn;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Mo;Sb	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	x;Pa;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	x;Mo;Br	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Pa;El;Br	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Fa;Br	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	o;Fa;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Fa;Yn;Sb	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Fa;Sb	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Pa;Yn;Br	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	x;Fa;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	o;Pa;Br	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	o;Pa;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	Mo;Yn;Sb	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Kannada	o;Mo;Br	Native speaker
siblings	Kaoka	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kaoka	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaoka	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapampangan	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapauku	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kapingamarangi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kapingamarangi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Karekare	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karekare	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Karekare	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karekare	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Karelian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Karelian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Karen	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karen	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karen	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kariera	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kariera	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Karok	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Karok	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kashmiri	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kashmiri	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kashmiri	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kashubian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kashubian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kaska	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kaska	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kaska	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Katab	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Katab	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kazakh	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kazakh	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kazakh	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kazakh	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kazakh	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kemant	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kemant	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Keraki	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kerala	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kerala	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kerala	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Kewa	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kewa	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kewa	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kewa	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kewa	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kewa	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kewa	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kewa	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kewa	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kewyipaya	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kewyipaya	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kewyipaya	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kewyipaya	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kgatla Tswana	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kgatla Tswana	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Khasi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Khasi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Khmer	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Khmer	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Khmer	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kidutokado	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kidutokado	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kidutokado	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kikuyu	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kikuyu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kikuyu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kiliwa	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiliwa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiliwa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kimam	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Kiowa	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kiowa	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kiowa	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kiowa	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kiowa	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kiowa	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kiowa	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kiowa	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kiowa	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kiowa Apache	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiowa Apache	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kipsigis	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kipsigis	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kipsigis	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kiwai	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klallam	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Klamath	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Klamath	El;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Klamath	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Koalib	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Koalib	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Koalib	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kodi	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
siblings	Kodi	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kodi	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kodi	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kodi	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kodi	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kodi	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kodi	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kodi	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kodi	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kodi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kol	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kol	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Komba	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Komba	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Komba	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Konkomba	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Konkomba	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konkomba	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Konso	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Konso	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Konso	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Konso	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Konso	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Konso	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Konso	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Konso	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Konso	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Konso	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Konso	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Konso	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Korean	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Korean	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Korean	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Korean	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Korean	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Korean	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Korean	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Korean	El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Korean	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Korean	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Korean	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Korean	El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Korean	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Korean	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Korean	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Korean	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kpe	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Mo;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Fa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Krisa	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Kumu	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kumu	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kumu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kumyk	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kumyk	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Kung	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kung	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kung	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kung	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kung	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kung	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kung	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kung	Mo;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kung	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kung	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kung	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kurdish	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Kurdish	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Kurdish	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurdish	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kurtatchi	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kurtatchi	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kurtatchi	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kurtatchi	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kurtatchi	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kurtatchi	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kurtatchi	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kurtatchi	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kurtatchi	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kurtatchi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kutchin	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutchin	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutchin	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutenai	Mo;Mo	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutenai	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kutubu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Kutubu	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kutubu	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kutubu	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kutubu	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kutubu	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kutubu	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kutubu	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kutubu	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kutubu	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kutubu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwakiutl	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Kwoma	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Kwoma	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Kwoma	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Kwoma	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Laboya	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Laboya	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Lafofa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lafofa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lafofa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lakher	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lakher	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Lakher	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Lakher	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lakher	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lakher	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lakher	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lakher	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Lakher	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Lakher	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lakher	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lakher	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lakher	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lamba	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamba	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamet	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamet	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lamotrek	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Lamotrek	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Lamotrek	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lamotrek	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lamotrek	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lamotrek	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lamotrek	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Lamotrek	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lamotrek	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lamotrek	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lamotrek	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lango	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lango	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lango	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lao	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Lao	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Laos	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Laos	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Laos	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lapps	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lapps	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lapps	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Latgalian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latgalian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latin	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Latin	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latin	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Latin	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latin	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Latvian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Latvian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Latvian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Latvian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Latvian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Lepcha	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lepcha	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lepcha	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lesu	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Lesu	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lesu	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lesu	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lesu	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lesu	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Lesu	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Lesu	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Lesu	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lesu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lhota	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lhota	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lhota	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lifu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lifu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lillooet	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lillooet	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lisu	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lisu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lisu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Lithuanian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lithuanian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Lithuanian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Livonian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Lobi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lobi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lobi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lolo	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Lolo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lolo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Longuda	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Lotuko	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lotuko	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Lower Sorbian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Lower Sorbian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Lower Sorbian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Lozi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luchazi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Luguru	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luguru	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Luiseno	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Luiseno	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Luxembourgish	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Luxembourgish	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Luxembourgish	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Maba	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maba	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maba	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macassarese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Macedonian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Macedonian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Macedonian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macedonian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Macedonian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Macedonian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Macusi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Macusi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Macusi	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Macusi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Magpie Miao	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Magpie Miao	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Magpie Miao	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Magpie Miao	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maguzawa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maidu	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maidu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maidu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mailu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Majuro	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Majuro	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Majuro	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Makin	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Makin	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Makin	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Makin	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Makin	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Makin	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Makin	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Makin	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Makin	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makin	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Makitare	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Makitare	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Malay	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Malay	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malay	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Malay	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Malay	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Malay	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malay	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Malay	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
cousins	Malayalam	o;Fa;Br;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	o;Mo;Ss;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Fa;Br;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Mo;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	x;Fa;Br;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Fa;Sb;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Mo;Br;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	El;Mo;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Fa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Fa;Ss;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Mo;Ss;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Pa;Br;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Mo;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Pa;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Mo;Ss;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	x;Mo;Ss;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Pa;Ss;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	o;Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	x;Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Fa;Br;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Fa;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Mo;Br;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Fa;Ss;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Fa;Br;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	El;Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Pa;Br;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Pa;Br;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	x;Fa;Br;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Fa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Pa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Pa;Ss;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Mo;Sb;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Mo;Br;Da	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Pa;Sb;Ch	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	o;Fa;Br;So	Native speaker
cousins	Malayalam	Mo;Sb;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	x;Da;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	o;Da;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	x;Da;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	x;Gr;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	o;Da;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	o;Gr;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	o;Da;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	x;Gr;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	o;So;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	x;So;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	x;So;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	o;Gr;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	x;So;Ch	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	o;Gr;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	x;Da;So	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	x;Gr;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	o;So;Da	Native speaker
grandchildren	Malayalam	o;So;So	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	o;Fa;Fa	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	o;Gr;Mo	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	x;Mo;Mo	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	o;Gr;Fa	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	Fa;Pr	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	o;Mo;Mo	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	Mo;Pr	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	x;Gr;Fa	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	x;Fa;Fa	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	x;Gr;Pr	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	x;Gr;Mo	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	o;Gr;Pr	Native speaker
grandparents	Malayalam	Gr;Pr	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	x;Br;So	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	El;Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	Yn;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	o;El;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	El;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	o;Ss;Da	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	o;Ss;So	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	o;Br;So	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	o;Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	x;Br;Da	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	x;El;Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	Yn;Br;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	x;Ss;Ch	Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Malayalam	x;Ss;So	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Malayalam	Pb	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Malayalam	x;Pa;Br	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Malayalam	x;Pa;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Malayalam	x;Mo;Br	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Malayalam	o;Fa;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Malayalam	x;Fa;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Malayalam	o;Pa;Br	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Malayalam	o;Pa;Ss	Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Malayalam	o;Mo;Br	Native speaker
grandparents	Malecite	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malecite	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malecite	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Malinke	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Malinke	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maltese	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maltese	o;So;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Maltese	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Manam	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manam	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Manchu	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Manchu	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Manchu	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Manchu	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Manchu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manchu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mandan	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mandan	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mandan	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mandan	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Mandarin	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Mandarin	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Mandarin	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mandarin	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Mandarin	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mandarin	x;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mangaians	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mangaians	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mangaians	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mangaians	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mangaians	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mangaians	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mangaians	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mangaians	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mangaians	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mangaians	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mangaians	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangaians	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mangarevans	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangarevans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mangbetu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mangbetu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Manobo	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Manobo	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Manobo	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Manobo	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Manobo	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Manobo	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Manobo	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Manobo	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Manobo	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manobo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Manus	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Manus	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Manus	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Maori	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Maori	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maori	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Maori	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maori	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Maori	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Maori	Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Maori	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Maori	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Maori	El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Maori	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Maori	Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Maori	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Maori	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Maori	El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Maori	o;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maori	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Maori	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mapuche	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mapuche	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Mapuche	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mapuche	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mapuche	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mapuche	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mapuche	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mapuche	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mapuche	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mapuche	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mapuche	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mapuche	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Marathi	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Marathi	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Marathi	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Marathi	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Marathi	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Maria Gond	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Maria Gond	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Maria Gond	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Maria Gond	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Marindamin	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marindamin	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marquesans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Marri Baluch	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Marri Baluch	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Marri Baluch	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Masa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Masa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mataco	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mataco	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mataco	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mayo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mayo	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mayo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mazateco	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mazateco	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbugwe	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbugwe	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mbundu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mbundu	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mbundu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mende	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mende	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mentaweians	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mentaweians	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mentaweians	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mentaweians	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mentaweians	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mentaweians	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mentaweians	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mentaweians	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mentaweians	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mentaweians	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Merina	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Merina	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Merina	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Merina	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Merina	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Merina	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Merina	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Merina	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Merina	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Merina	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Merina	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mesakin	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miami	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miami	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Micmac	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Micmac	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Min Nan	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Min Nan	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Min Nan	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Min Nan	x;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Minangkabau	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Minangkabau	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Minangkabau	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Minangkabau	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Minangkabau	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Minangkabau	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Minangkabau	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Minangkabau	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Minangkabau	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minangkabau	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Minchia	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Minchia	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Minchia	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mingrelian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mingrelian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mirandese	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miriam	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miskito	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Miskito	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Miskito	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Miskito	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Miskito	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Miskito	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Miskito	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Miskito	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Miskito	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Miskito	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miskito	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miwok	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miwok	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mixtec	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Mixtec	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mixtec	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mixtec	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mixtec	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mixtec	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mixtec	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mixtec	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mixtec	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mixtec	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mixtec	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Miyakans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Miyakans	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Miyakans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mnong Gar	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mnong Gar	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Mòcheno	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Mòcheno	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Mòcheno	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Mòcheno	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Molima	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Molima	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Molima	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Mongolian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Mongolian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Mongolian	o;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mongolian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Mongolian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Mongolian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	x;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	El;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	o;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	o;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Mongolian	x;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Mongolian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Monguor	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Monguor	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Monguor	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Monguor	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Monguor	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Monguor	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Monguor	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Monguor	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Monguor	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Monguor	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Monguor	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Monguor	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mossi	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mossi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mota	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Motilon	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Motilon	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Motilon	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mpenezi Ngoni	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Muju	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Mundurucu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Mundurucu	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Mundurucu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Murinbata	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murinbata	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Murngin	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Murngin	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Murngin	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nabesna	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nabesna	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nabesna	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nakaenga	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nakaenga	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Nakaenga	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Nakaenga	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Nakaenga	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Nakaenga	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Nakaenga	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Nakaenga	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Nakaenga	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Nakaenga	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Nakaenga	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nakaenga	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nama	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nama	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nama	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nambicuara	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nambicuara	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Naskapi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Naskapi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Natchez	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Natchez	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Natchez	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Natchez	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Natchez	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Natchez	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Natchez	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Natchez	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Natchez	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Natchez	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Natchez	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Natchez	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nauruans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Navajo	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Navajo	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Navajo	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Navajo	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Navajo	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ndembu	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ndembu	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ndembu	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ndembu	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ndembu	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ndembu	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ndembu	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ndembu	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ndembu	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ndembu	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ndembu	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndembu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ndoro	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ndoro	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nepal	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nepal	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nepal	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ngbandi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ngbandi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nicobarese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Nicobarese	Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Nivkh	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Nivkh	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nkundo Mongo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nootka	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Norman	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norman	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norman	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norman	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norman	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Norman	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norman	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	North Frisian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	North Frisian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Cayapo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Northern Cayapo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Ohlone	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Ohlone	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Northern Sami	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Northern Sami	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Northern Sami	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Northern Sami	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Mo;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Fa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Northern Sami	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Norwegian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Norwegian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Norwegian Bokmål	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Norwegian Bokmål	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;So;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Norwegian Nynorsk	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Nuer	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nuer	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nuer	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nuer	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunamiut	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunamiut	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nunivak	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nunivak	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nunivak	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyakyusa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyamwezi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyamwezi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Nyaro	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyaro	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyaro	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Nyoro	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Nyoro	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Nyoro	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Nyoro	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Nyoro	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Nyoro	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Nyoro	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Nyoro	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Nyoro	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Nyoro	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Nyoro	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Occitan	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Occitan	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Occitan	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Occitan	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ojibwa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ojibwe	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ojibwe	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Okinawan	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Okinawan	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Okinawan	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Old Church Slavonic	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Omaha	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Omaha	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Omaha	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ona	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ona	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ontong Java	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ontong Java	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ontong Java	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ontong Java	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ontong Java	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ontong Java	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ontong Java	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ontong Java	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ontong Java	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ontong Java	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	O'odham	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	O'odham	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Opata	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Opata	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Opata	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Orokaiva	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Orokaiva	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Oromo	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Oromo	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Oromo	x;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ossetian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Otomi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Otomi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Otomi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Paez	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Paez	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paez	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Palauans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Palauans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palauans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Pali	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Pali	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Palikur	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Palikur	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Palikur	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Panare	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Panare	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pantara	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Paraujano	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Paraujano	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Pashto	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Pashto	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Pathan	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pathan	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pathan	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pathan	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Patwin	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Patwin	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pawnee	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pawnee	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pende	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Penobscot	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Penobscot	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Periclean Athens	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Periclean Athens	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Periclean Athens	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Persian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Persian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Persian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Persian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Persian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Persian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Persian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Phoenician	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Piapoco	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piapoco	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piapoco	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piaroa	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piaroa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piaroa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piegan	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piegan	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Pima	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pima	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Piro	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Piro	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Piro	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Plains Cree	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Plains Cree	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Plautdietsch	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Plautdietsch	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Plautdietsch	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Plautdietsch	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Plautdietsch	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Polabian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Polar Eskimo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Polar Eskimo	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polar Eskimo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Polish	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Polish	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Polish	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Polish	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Polish	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Mo;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Polish	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Polish Jews	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Polish Jews	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Polish Jews	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Polish Jews	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ponapeans	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ponapeans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ponapeans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pondo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Popoluca	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Popoluca	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Portuguese	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Portuguese	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Portuguese	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Portuguese	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Portuguese	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Portuguese	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Portuguese	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Potawatomi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Potawatomi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Potawatomi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Pukapukans	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
siblings	Pukapukans	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Pukapukans	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Pukapukans	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Pukapukans	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Pukapukans	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Pukapukans	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Pukapukans	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Pukapukans	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Pukapukans	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Pukapukans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Punan	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Purum	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Purum	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Puyallup	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyallup	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Puyuma	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Quechua	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quechua	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Quechua	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Quechua	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Quechua	Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Quechua	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Quechua	El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Quechua	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Quechua	Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Quechua	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Quechua	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Quechua	El;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Quinault	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Quinault	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Quinault	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ranon	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ranon	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Ranon	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ranon	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ranon	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ranon	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ranon	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ranon	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ranon	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ranon	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ranon	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ranon	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rarotongans	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rarotongans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Rarotongans	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rarotongans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Reddi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Reddi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rega	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rega	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rennell	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Romani	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romani	x;Ss	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Romanian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Romanian	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Romanian	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Romanian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Romanian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Romanian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romanian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Romanian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Romansch	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Rossel	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rossel	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rossel	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotinese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Rotinese	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotinese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rotumans	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rotumans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Rotumans	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Rotumans	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Rotumans	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rotumans	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rotumans	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Rotumans	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Rotumans	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Rotumans	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Rotumans	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rotumans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ruanda	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ruanda	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ruanda	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Russian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Russian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Russian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Russian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Russian	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Russian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Russian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Rusyn	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Rwala Bedouin	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Rwala Bedouin	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Rwala Bedouin	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Samarokena	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samarokena	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Samoans	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Samoans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Samoans	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Samoans	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Samoans	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Samoans	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Samoans	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Samoans	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Samoans	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Samoans	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Samoans	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Samoans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sandawe	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Sandawe	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Sandawe	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Sandawe	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sandawe	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sandawe	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Sandawe	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Sandawe	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sandawe	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Sandawe	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sandawe	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Santali	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Santali	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Santali	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Santali	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Santali	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Santali	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Santali	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Santali	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Santali	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Santali	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Santali	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Santali	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Santali	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sara Ainu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sara Ainu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Saramacca	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Sardinian	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Sardinian	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sardinian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Sarsi	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sarsi	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sarsi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sarsi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Scots	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scots	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Scots	x;Ss	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Scottish Gaelic	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Scottish Gaelic	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scottish Gaelic	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scottish Gaelic	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scottish Gaelic	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scottish Gaelic	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scottish Gaelic	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scottish Gaelic	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scottish Gaelic	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scottish Gaelic	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scottish Gaelic	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Scottish Gaelic	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	Sb;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	Sb;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Scottish Gaelic	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Scottish Gaelic	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Scottish Gaelic	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Sekani	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sekani	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sekani	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Selung	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Selung	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sema	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sema	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Semang	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semang	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Semlal Shluh	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Semlal Shluh	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Semlal Shluh	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Seneca Iroquois	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Seneca Iroquois	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seneca Iroquois	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Seniang	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seniang	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbo-Croatian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Serbo-Croatian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Serbo-Croatian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Serbs	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Serbs	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Serbs	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serbs	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Seri	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Seri	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Serrano	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Serrano	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shambala	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Shambala	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Shambala	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shambala	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shambala	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shambala	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shambala	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Shambala	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Shambala	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shambala	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shambala	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shambala	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Shantung	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shantung	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shantung	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shasta	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Shasta	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shasta	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Shasta	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shasta	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shasta	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shasta	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Shasta	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shasta	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shasta	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shasta	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shavante	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shawnee	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shawnee	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherbro	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Sherbro	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Sherbro	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Sherbro	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sherbro	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sherbro	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Sherbro	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Sherbro	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sherbro	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Sherbro	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherbro	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherente	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sherpa	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sherpa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sherpa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shila	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Shila	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Shila	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shila	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shila	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shila	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shila	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Shila	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shila	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shila	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shila	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shilluk	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shilluk	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shiriana	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shiriana	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shivwits	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shivwits	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Shuswap	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Shuswap	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Shuswap	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shuswap	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shuswap	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shuswap	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shuswap	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Shuswap	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Shuswap	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Shuswap	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Shuswap	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siamese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siamese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Siane	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Siane	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Siane	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Siane	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Siane	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Siane	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Siane	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Siane	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Siane	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siane	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sicilian	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Sicilian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sicilian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sicilian	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sindhi	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sindhi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sindhi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Sinhalese	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinhalese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Sinhalese	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Sinhalese	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinhalese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sinkaitk	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sinkaitk	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siriono	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siriono	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siuai	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Siuai	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siuai	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Sivokakmeit	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Sivokakmeit	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Sivokakmeit	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Siwans	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Siwans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Siwans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Skolt Sami	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Skolt Sami	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovak	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovak	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovak	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovak	x;Ss	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Slovene	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Slovene	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Slovene	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Slovene	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Slovene	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Snus Zekara	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Snus Zekara	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Snus Zekara	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songhai	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Songola	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Southern Pomo	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Pomo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Pomo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Southern Ute	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Southern Ute	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Spanish	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
cousins	Spanish	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	o;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	x;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	Da;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	x;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	x;Da;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	o;So;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish	o;So;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandparents	Spanish	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	x;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	El;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	o;Br;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary & Native speaker
nephews and nieces	Spanish	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	x;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	x;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	El;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	o;El;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	o;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	o;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
siblings	Spanish	x;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	Pb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary & Native speaker
uncles and aunts	Spanish	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary & Native speaker
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Spanish Basques	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Spanish Basques	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Spanish Basques	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Spanish Basques	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Spanish Basques	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Spanish Basques	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Spanish Basques	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Spanish Basques	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Spanish Basques	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Spanish Basques	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Spanish Basques	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Spanish Basques	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Subanun	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Susu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Susu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Swahili	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swahili	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Swahili	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swazi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Swazi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Swazi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Swedish	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Swedish	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Swedish	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Swedish	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Swedish	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Swedish	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tagalog	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tagalog	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tajik	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tallensi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tallensi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tallensi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tamil	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tamil	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Mo;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Fa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tamil	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Tanaina	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanaina	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanaina	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tanala	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Tanala	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tanala	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tanala	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tanala	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tanala	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tanala	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tanala	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tanala	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tanala	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanala	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tanimbarese	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tanimbarese	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tanimbarese	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tanimbarese	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tanimbarese	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tanimbarese	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tanimbarese	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tanimbarese	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tanimbarese	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tanimbarese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tao	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tao	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Taos	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Taos	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Taos	o;So;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Taos	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Taos	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Taos	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Taqagmiut	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Taqagmiut	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Taqagmiut	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tarahumara	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tarahumara	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tareumiut	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tareumiut	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tatar	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tatar	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tawi_Tawi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teda	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teda	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teda	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	Fa;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	Mo;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teita	Mo;Mo	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teita	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Telugu	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Telugu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Telugu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Telugu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tenetehara	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenetehara	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tenetehara	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenetehara	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tenino	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tenino	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tepehuan	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tepehuan	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tequistlatec	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tequistlatec	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tequistlatec	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Terena	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Terena	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Teso	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teso	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teso	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Teton	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Teton	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tewa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tewa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Thai	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Thai	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Thai	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Thai	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Thai	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Mo;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Fa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thai	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Thonga	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tigrinya	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tigrinya	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Tigrinya	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tigrinya	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tigrinya	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tikopia	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tikopia	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tikopia	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tikopia	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tikopia	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tikopia	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tikopia	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tikopia	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tikopia	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tikopia	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Timbira	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Timbira	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Timbira	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiv	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiv	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tiwi	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tiwi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tiwi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tlingit	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tlingit	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toba	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toba	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tocharian A	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian A	x;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tocharian B	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Toda	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Toda	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toda	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toda	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tokelau	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tokelau	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tokelau	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tokelau	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tokelau	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tokelau	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tokelau	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tokelau	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tokelau	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tokelau	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tolowa	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tolowa	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tolowa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tongans	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tongans	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tongans	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tongans	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tongans	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tongans	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tongans	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tongans	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tongans	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tongans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Toradja	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Toradja	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Totonac	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Totonac	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trobriands	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Trukese	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Trukese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Trukese	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Trukese	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Trukese	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Trukese	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Trukese	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Trukese	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Trukese	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Trukese	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Trukese	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trukese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Trumai	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Trumai	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tubatulabal	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Tubatulabal	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tubatulabal	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tucano	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucano	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucano	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tucuna	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tucuna	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tunebo	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tunebo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tunebo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tupinamba	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tupinamba	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tupinamba	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkana	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkana	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkana	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Turkish	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Turkish	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Turkish	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turkish	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turkish	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Turkish	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Turkish	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Turoyo	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Turu	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Turu	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Turu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Tuvan	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Tuvan	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Twana	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Twana	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Twana	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Tzeltal	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Tzeltal	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Tzeltal	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ugaritic	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ugaritic	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Uintah	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uintah	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uintah	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ukrainian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ukrainian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Ukrainian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Ukrainian	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Ukrainian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Ulawans	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulawans	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulawans	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Ulawans	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ulawans	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ulawans	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ulawans	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ulawans	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ulawans	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ulawans	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ulawans	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ulawans	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulawans	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Ulithians	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Ulithians	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Ulithians	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ulithians	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ulithians	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ulithians	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ulithians	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ulithians	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Ulithians	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Ulithians	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Ulithians	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Ulithians	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Umotina	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Umotina	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Umotina	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Urdu	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Urdu	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Uru	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uru	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uru	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uru	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Uzbek	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Uzbek	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Uzbek	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vai	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vai	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vanua Levu	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Vedda	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vedda	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vedda	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Venda	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Venetian	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Venetian	o;So;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Vietnamese	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Vietnamese	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Vietnamese	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Vietnamese	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Vietnamese	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Fa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Pa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Vietnamese	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	VolapÃ¼k	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	VolapÃ¼k	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Volapük	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Volapük	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Volapük	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Volapük	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Volapük	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Volapük	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Volapük	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Volapük	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Volapük	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Volapük	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Volapük	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Volapük	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Volapük	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Votic	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandparents	Waiwai	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Waiwai	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Waiwai	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waiwai	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wantoat	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wantoat	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wantoat	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wapishana	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Wapishana	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wapishana	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wapishana	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wapishana	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wapishana	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wapishana	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wapishana	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wapishana	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wapishana	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wapishana	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Waropen	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waropen	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Warrau	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Warrau	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Warrau	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Washo	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Washo	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Waura	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Waura	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Waura	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Welsh	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Fa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Pa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	El;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Pa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Welsh	Mo;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Welsh	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Welsh	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Welsh	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Welsh	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Welsh	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	West Frisian	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	West Frisian	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Western Apache	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Western Apache	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Western Apache	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Western Apache	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Western Apache	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Western Apache	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Western Apache	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Western Apache	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Western Apache	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Western Apache	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Western Apache	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Western Apache	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Western Apache	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wichita	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wichita	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wichita	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wichita	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wichita	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wichita	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wichita	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wichita	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wichita	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wichita	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wikmunkan	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wikmunkan	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wind River	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Wind River	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wind River	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Winnebago	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Winnebago	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Winnebago	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wishram	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wishram	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wishram	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Witoto	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Witoto	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Witoto	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Witoto	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Witoto	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Witoto	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Witoto	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Witoto	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Witoto	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Witoto	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Witoto	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Witoto	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Wiyot	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Wiyot	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wiyot	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wodaabe Fulani	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Wolof	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Xam	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Xam	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Xam	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
cousins	Xhosa	o;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	x;El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	o;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	o;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Fa;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Mo;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	x;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Mo;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	o;Pa;Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	x;Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Fa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Pa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Fa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	x;Mo;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Pa;Ss;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	o;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	o;Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	x;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Fa;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Fa;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Fa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	El;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Mo;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	x;Mo;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Pa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	x;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Fa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Pa;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	o;El;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Pa;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Yn;Mo;Br;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Mo;Sb;So	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	x;Pa;Sb;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	Mo;Br;Da	Wiktionary
cousins	Xhosa	o;Fa;Br;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Xhosa	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Xhosa	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Xhosa	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Xhosa	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Pa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Xhosa	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yabarana	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yabarana	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yabarana	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yagnobi	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yagnobi	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yahgan	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yahgan	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahgan	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahgan	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yahi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yahi	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yahi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yako	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yako	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yakut	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yakut	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yakut	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Yámana	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yámana	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yámana	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yámana	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yámana	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yami	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yami	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yami	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yao	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yao	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yapese	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yapese	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yeke	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yeke	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yiddish	x;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	o;Da;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	x;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	x;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	o;Da;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	o;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	o;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	x;Gr;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	o;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	x;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	x;So;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	o;Gr;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	x;So;Ch	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	o;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	x;Da;So	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	x;Gr;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	o;So;Da	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Yiddish	o;So;So	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	o;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	o;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	x;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	o;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	Fa;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	o;Mo;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	Mo;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	x;Gr;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	x;Fa;Fa	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	x;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	x;Gr;Mo	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	o;Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yiddish	Gr;Pr	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	x;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	El;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	o;Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	Yn;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	Yn;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	Yn;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	o;El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	El;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	o;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	o;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	El;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	o;Br;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	Yn;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	El;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	o;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	El;Ss;So	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	x;Br;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	x;El;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	Yn;Ss;Da	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	x;Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	Sb;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	Yn;Br;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	x;Ss;Ch	Wiktionary
nephews and nieces	Yiddish	x;Ss;So	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yiddish	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Pb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	x;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Fa;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Mo;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Mo;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	x;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	x;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Mo;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Fa;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	o;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Fa;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Mo;El;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Fa;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Fa;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Fa;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	x;Fa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Mo;El;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	o;Pa;Br	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	o;Pa;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	Mo;Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yiddish	o;Mo;Br	Wiktionary
grandparents	Yokuts	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yokuts	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yokuts	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yoruba	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Yoruba	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Yoruba	x;Ss	Wiktionary
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yoruba	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yucatec Maya	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yucatec Maya	Mo;Mo	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yucatec Maya	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuchi	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuchi	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yukaghir	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yukaghir	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yukaghir	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuki	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuki	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuki	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuki	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yuma	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yuma	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yuma	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yuma	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Yungur	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yungur	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yungur	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yungur	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurak Samoyed	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurak Samoyed	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Yurok	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Yurok	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yurok	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yurok	Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yurok	Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yurok	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yurok	El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Yurok	El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Yurok	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Yurok	Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Yurok	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zazzagawa	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zerma	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	o;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	o;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	Br	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	x;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	o;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	o;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	x;El;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	o;Yn;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	o;El;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	Yn;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	x;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	x;Br	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	El;Sb	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	x;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Zerma	x;Yn;Br	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zezuru Shona	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Fa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Mo;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zezuru Shona	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
siblings	Zhuang	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zhuang	x;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	x;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	o;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	x;Yn;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	x;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	x;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	El;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	x;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	o;El;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	o;Br	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	o;El;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	Yn;Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	Sb	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	o;Yn;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	o;Ss	Wiktionary
siblings	Zulu	x;Ss	Wiktionary
grandchildren	Zuni	o;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	o;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	o;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	o;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	x;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	x;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	x;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	o;So;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	x;Da;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	x;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	x;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	x;Gr;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	x;So;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	o;Gr;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	o;Gr;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	o;Da;Da	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	o;Da;So	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	So;Ch	Murdock data
grandchildren	Zuni	x;So;Ch	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	o;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	Fa;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	x;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	x;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	Mo;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	o;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	o;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	o;Mo;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	x;Fa;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	o;Gr;Fa	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	x;Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	Gr;Mo	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	x;Gr;Pr	Murdock data
grandparents	Zuni	Gr;Pr	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Pa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	x;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Mo;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	x;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Pa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Pa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Mo;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Fa;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	o;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Fa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Fa;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Fa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Pa;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	x;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Fa;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	o;Fa;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Mo;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Fa;Yn;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Mo;El;Ss	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Mo;Yn;Sb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Pb	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	x;Pa;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Pa;El;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	o;Mo;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	Mo;Yn;Br	Murdock data
uncles and aunts	Zuni	o;Pa;Ss	Murdock data
